Add kubernetes installation instructions for vSphere TKG (#14746)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/distributions.md

More `values.yaml` examples can be found in the [Helm chart repository][1]
More `DatadogAgent` examples can be found in the [Datadog Operator repository][2]

## vSphere Tanzu Kubernetes Grid (TKG) {#TKG}

> TKG requires some small configuration changes, shown below. For example, tolerations are required to schedule the Node Agent on the `master` nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TKG requires some small configuration changes, shown below. For example, setting a toleration is required for the controller to schedule the Node Agent on the `master` nodes.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

Custom `values.yaml`:

```yaml
datadog:
  apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
  appKey: <DATADOG_APP_KEY>
  kubelet:
    tlsVerify: false

>   # Enable the new `kubernetes_state_core` check.
>   kubeStateMetricsCore:
>     enabled: true

Reviewer 2: When enabling the `kubernetes_state_core` check is is better to disable the `kubernetes_state`. 

```suggestion
  # Disable the `kube-state-metrics` dependency chart installation.
  kubeStateMetricsEnabled: false
  # Enable the new `kubernetes_state_core` check.
  kubeStateMetricsCore:
    enabled: true
```

FYI. it is not needed in the operator, because it is disabled automatically when `kubernetes_state_core` is enabled. But in the helm chart, to keep backward compatibility, the user need to set 2 booleans :(

# Add a toleration so that the agent can be scheduled on the control plane nodes.
agents:
  tolerations:
    - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
      effect: NoSchedule
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

DatadogAgent Kubernetes Resource:

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiSecret:
      secretName: datadog-secret
      keyName: api-key
    appSecret:
      secretName: datadog-secret
      keyName: app-key
  features:
    # Enable the new `kubernetes_state_core` check.
    kubeStateMetricsCore:
      enabled: true
  agent:
    image:

>       name: "gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest"

Reviewer 2: no need to define `image`. the operator know that is the last support agent version.

Author: Thanks, removed!

    config:
      kubelet:

>         tlsVerify: false

Reviewer 2: could you add a comment why `tlsVerify` need to be `false`.
Have you tried to mount a root certificat from the host?

      # Add a toleration so that the agent can be scheduled on the control plane nodes.
      tolerations:
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
          effect: NoSchedule
  clusterAgent:
    config:
      collectEvents: true
    image:

>       name: "gcr.io/datadoghq/cluster-agent:latest"

Reviewer 2: Same `image` is not mandatory. So it is better to not add it to the example.
